README.md, before:

# Programming Kata

Small exercises in various languages.  Current languages should be:

  - Perl
  - Python
  - Fortran
  - C
  - Ruby
  - Haskell

## Fizzbuzz

Write a program which for all numbers from 1 to 100

 - prints `Fizz` when the number is divisible by 3
 - prints `Buzz` when the number is divisible by 5
 - prints `FizzBuzz` when divisible by 5 and 3
 - otherwise just prints the number

## Fibonnaci

Generate the first 100 numbers of the Fibonnaci sequence.

## Quicksort

Implement the quicksort algorithm.

## Prime factors

Calculate the prime factors of a given integer.

## Factorial

Write a program which takes a single argument, computes the factorial and
prints the value on the screen.

Adapted from the example on
<https://go-left.com/blog/programming/100-little-programming-exercises/>

### Iterative

Write the program using an iterative algorithm.

### Recursive

Write the program using a recursive algorithm.

### Interactive

Rewrite the program to interactively ask for the argument.  Use previously
computed values to improve performance.

## Reverse the input

Read a number of strings from standard input and print them in reverse order
on the terminal.  The input sequence is terminated with the string `END`.

Adapted from the example on
<https://go-left.com/blog/programming/100-little-programming-exercises/>

Commit message:

Added the idea of saying "moin" as an example

README.md, after:

# Programming Kata

Small exercises in various languages.  Current languages should be:

  - Perl
  - Python
  - Fortran
  - C
  - Ruby
  - Haskell

## Fizzbuzz

Write a program which for all numbers from 1 to 100

 - prints `Fizz` when the number is divisible by 3
 - prints `Buzz` when the number is divisible by 5
 - prints `FizzBuzz` when divisible by 5 and 3
 - otherwise just prints the number

## Moin

Write a program which says "moin" for each nick in a (small) chat room.

## Fibonnaci

Generate the first 100 numbers of the Fibonnaci sequence.

## Quicksort

Implement the quicksort algorithm.

## Prime factors

Calculate the prime factors of a given integer.

## Factorial

Write a program which takes a single argument, computes the factorial and
prints the value on the screen.

Adapted from the example on
<https://go-left.com/blog/programming/100-little-programming-exercises/>

### Iterative

Write the program using an iterative algorithm.

### Recursive

Write the program using a recursive algorithm.

### Interactive

Rewrite the program to interactively ask for the argument.  Use previously
computed values to improve performance.

## Reverse the input

Read a number of strings from standard input and print them in reverse order
on the terminal.  The input sequence is terminated with the string `END`.

Adapted from the example on
<https://go-left.com/blog/programming/100-little-programming-exercises/>
